**** HELP ****
PURPOSE:
This program simulates light interactions with 3D satellite models and calculates brightness levels as perceived from a specific view-point. User input, accessed via the UI, is used to establish the satellites orientation and angular velocity as well as the duration of the simulated pass (i.e. data collection period). Brightness data is collected at regular intervals and logged in a text file. Data collections may be selected and graphed via the UI.

INSTRUCTIONS:
RUNNING THE PROGRAM
To run this program, simply double click on the SLRA.exe file in this directory. Alternatively, you may double click on the SLRA.jar file in this directory or type "Java -jar SLRA.jar" in the command line once this directory has been selected. (Doing so allows you to see real-time status updates from the software)

INITIALIZING A SIMULATION  
Once this program is executed, a Graphical User Interface (GUI) should appear in a new window. To run a new SLRA simulation, begin by selecting a menu item from the drop-down box labelled "Sim Objects." Next, fill in the text fields below labelled "X Rotation" and "X Velocity" with the desired initial rotation about the X axis in degrees and the angular velocity of the object about the X axis. Do the same for the Y and Z paremters (Note: Do not leave any fields blank. If you do not wish for there to be an angular displacement or velocity about a given axis, simply insert a "0" into the textfield). After this, enter the duration of the simulation in seconds in the "Pass Duration" textfield and click "Run" to begin the simulation.

RUNNING A SIMULATION  
While the simulation is running, you may press the Space Bar at any time to pause the simulation (Note: this will have no affect on the data) or press the Escape key to end the simulation (Note: Data will still be saved if the simulation is ended prematurely). The simulation will, otherwise, run throughput the length of its specified duration. Once the pass duration is reached, the simulation will automatically terminate and save the collected brightness data to a new file in the "SLRA/res/data" directory. Upon ending the simulation, the program updates the data files available to graph automatically so the program does not need to be reloaded to access recent data.

GRAPHING  
In order to display the brightness data of any given simulation in a graphical format, select the desired simulation from the drop-box labelled "Sim Graph." Next, click the "Graph" button and a new window should appear plotting the brightness data (vertical axis) against the time it was collected (horizontal axis). (Note: Data Sets are automatically scaled to fill the graphing window)

TERMINATING THE PROGRAM
To end the program, simply click on the "X" symbol in the upper right hand corner of the window. All data will be mainted in the "SLRA/res/data" directory and will not be lost on termination of the program.